how research needs to evolve.
To meet today's challenges and opportunities,
research practices must evolve in three key ways.
First, build competency in data management and analysis.
Researchers need the skills to manage, document, and analyze data effectively.
This includes understanding formats, metadata, documentation standards,
and basic coding we're scripting when applicable.
Second, adopt standardized approaches for sharing data and code.
Sharing raw data alongside the analysis code enhances transparency and reproducibility.
Standardized methods make it easier for others to verify results and build upon them.
Finally, foster a culture of transparency and best practices.
We must promote a research culture that values openness, documentation, and reproducibility.
This strengthens trust in science and ensures that research outputs remain useful and credible over time.